molly you've got the you've got the
floor
thank you so much nika for inviting me
to be here and um
i want to say what an honor it is to
talk about david someone who
was a constant inspiration to me and a
constant inspiration to all of us so
many people have said so many brilliant
things about his work with occupy about
you know his intellectual contributions
about the fierce solidarity that he
always had with anyone who was an
underdog anyone who is being unjustly
attacked
that i want to talk about
two other qualities about him
i want to talk about david's generosity
and i want to talk about his sense of
mischief
david was one of the most profoundly
generous people i've ever met and i mean
this in multiple ways you have this guy
who's like this super genius
intellectual you know anthropologist
economist who wrote
in a way that allowed any reader whether
or not they had ever been to school
whether or not they had ever gotten some
fancy degree or ever you know been in
some elite circle any reader could see
themselves and could see their problems
in his work i have friends who worked at
call centers who
after they read jobs they
suddenly
found someone expressing the sort of
visceral dread they felt going into work
every day and wasting the precious
irreplaceable moments of their lives
when i think about his generosity too i
think about this time that i
hung out with david on portobello road
he loved you know antique shopping as
astra said and when he walked those
streets he was friends with every single
type of people like every single you
know working class guy at a stall you
know
david knew and
david shared a story with and i remember
there was this this book this copy of
the arabian nights that i loved and i
was i was too broke to buy and he just
like he just bought it for me like out
of the blue you know because he he liked
giving gifts he liked
giving gifts he liked getting gifts he
liked that
capacity to feel joy and wonder at the
world in his most unexpected ways
now when i think about david's sense of
mischief right
here was this you know eminent man who
had this like smile like this dorky
little boy who was seeing all of the
ridiculousness of the world
all of the pomposity all of the
silliness all of the terribleness that
didn't need to be there
and he was just kind of laughing at it
and he was saying you know haha i am
smart and i can see my way out of this
trap that we've woven ourselves
into and there's something better and
more beautiful that we can have
i think about that sense of mischief
when um he invited me to this uh squat
once
in london that uh had a big sign in it
that was like no cops and no journalist
i was a journalist
and um
and i remember telling him that and him
just laughing that like little
that just laugh at the observat the
absurdity of everything
i
think about david's willingness to pick
a fight in the cause of justice but
never be embittered or doctrinaire by it
to always keep in mind these
possibilities for a better world and to
deal with everyone with this remarkable
openness that inspired people to be
their best selves
the world is
smaller for david's loss it is smaller
it is
a loss to us all and
there is no consolation really
in that except that
i think that we need to
try to live in those ways that
he still embodied best that sense of
questioning all of the pompous bastards
that sense of mischief and of laughter
and that wild wide open generosity and
that greed for life and it's every
aspect and that's what i take from david
that's what
the reason one of the many reasons i'm
so happy and so lucky to have known him
and that is what i
hope to embody in my own life in tribute
thank you so much for for having me and
um
thank you so much you know you guys